A CycleGAN is made of two discriminator and two generator networks.
The discriminators D_X and D_Y in this CycleGAN are
deep convolutional neural networks that see an image from domain X or Y respectively,
and attempt to classify it as real or fake.
The general structure for both of these discriminators is the same,
and it looks like this.
This network sees a 128 by 128 by 3 image as input,
and passes it through a series of strided convolutional layers,
that downsample an image by a factor of two.
In this diagram, we have four total strided layers
but you can add or decrease the number of layers as you see it fit.
Through this four-strided righted convolutional layers,
we see our image go from 128 to 128 to 64 to 64,
all the way to eight by eight.
The first layer has a ReLu activation function applied to its outputs,
and the next three have BatchNorm and ReLu functions applied to their outputs.
Then, we have one final convolutional layer.
This is not strided,
and you'll have to set the stride and padding accordingly for this layer.
The job of this last layer is to act as a fully convolutional classification layer.
So, its job is to take in the outputs from the last convolutional layer,
and it should output a single value,
the logits of our discriminator.
To define the discriminators,
you're expected to use the provided helper conv function in the cell.
This should look familiar from the last lesson on deep convolutional GANs.
This function creates a strided convolutional layer and an optional BatchNorm layer.
With a stride of two and padding equal to one,
I am assuming that you'll use a kernel size equal to
four to downsample each input by a factor of two.
So using this helper function if you want,
it will be up to you to define the discriminator class.
You only have to define this one class, and then later,
we'll use it to instantiate two different discriminators,
one for the X image domain and one for Y.
To complete this class,
it may help to use the above image as reference.
This image also includes recommendations for
increasing the depth of the convolutional layers as you go,
starting with a depth of 64 and increasing
by a factor of two for each convolutional layer.
In fact, the starting depth is set as the conv_dim,
the one input parameter of the discriminator class.
I should also note that we're not applying any activation function to the last layer,
and we'll talk about this later when we go over defining the discriminator to losses.
I should also note that we're not applying a sigmoid
or any other activation to the last layer,
and we'll talk about this later when we go over defining the discriminator losses.
Okay. So, try to solve the discriminator class on your own,
and next, I'll go over one possible solution.